---
title: "Ps 18"
author: ["ninetyfourthings"]
date: 2026-01-08T00:00:00+08:00
lastmod: 2026-01-08T00:00:00+08:00
tags: ["bible", "bsb", "faith"]
draft: false
---

1.  I love You, O LORD, my strength.  For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
2.  The LORD is my rock, my fortress, and my deliverer.My God is my rock, in whom I take refuge,my shield, and the horn of my salvation,my stronghold. For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
3.  I will call upon the LORD, who is worthy to be praised;so shall I be saved from my enemies.  For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
4.  The cords of death encompassed me;the torrents of chaos overwhelmed me. For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
5.  The cords of Sheol entangled me;the snares of death confronted me. For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
6.  In my distress I called upon the LORD;I cried to my God for help.From His temple He heard my voice,and my cry for His help reached His ears.  For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
7.  Then the earth shook and quaked,and the foundations of the mountains trembled;they were shaken because He burned with anger. For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
8.  Smoke rose from His nostrils,and consuming fire came from His mouth;glowing coals blazed forth. For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
9.  He parted the heavens and came downwith dark clouds beneath His feet. For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
10. He mounted a cherub and flew;He soared on the wings of the wind. For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
11. He made darkness His hiding place,and storm clouds a canopy around Him. For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
12. From the brightness of His presenceHis clouds advanced—hailstones and coals of fire.  For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
13. The LORD thundered from heaven;the voice of the Most High resounded—hailstones and coals of fire. For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
14. He shot His arrows and scattered the foes;He hurled lightning and routed them. For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
15. The channels of the sea appeared,and the foundations of the world were exposed,at Your rebuke, O LORD,at the blast of the breath of Your nostrils.  For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
16. He reached down from on high and took hold of me;He drew me out of deep waters. For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
17. He rescued me from my powerful enemy,from foes too mighty for me. For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
18. They confronted me in my day of calamity,but the LORD was my support. For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
19. He brought me out into the open;He rescued me because He delighted in me.  For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
20. The LORD has rewarded me according to my righteousness;He has repaid me according to the cleanness of my hands. For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
21. For I have kept the ways of the LORDand have not wickedly departed from my God. For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
22. For all His ordinances are before me;I have not disregarded His statutes. For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
23. And I have been blameless before Himand kept myself from iniquity. For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
24. So the LORD has repaid me according to my righteousness,according to the cleanness of my hands in His sight.  For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
25. To the faithful You show Yourself faithful,to the blameless You show Yourself blameless; For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
26. to the pure You show Yourself pure,but to the crooked You show Yourself shrewd. For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
27. For You save an afflicted people,but You humble those with haughty eyes.  For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
28. For You, O LORD, light my lamp;my God lights up my darkness. For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
29. For in You I can charge an army,and with my God I can scale a wall. For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
30. As for God, His way is perfect;the word of the LORD is flawless.He is a shield to all who take refuge in Him.  For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
31. For who is God besides the LORD?And who is the Rock except our God? For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
32. It is God who arms me with strengthand makes my way clear. For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
33. He makes my feet like those of a deerand stations me upon the heights. For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
34. He trains my hands for battle;my arms can bend a bow of bronze.  For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
35. You have given me Your shield of salvation;Your right hand upholds me,and Your gentleness exalts me. For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
36. You broaden the path beneath meso that my ankles do not give way. For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
37. I pursued my enemies and overtook them;I did not turn back until they were consumed. For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
38. I crushed them so they could not rise;they have fallen under my feet.  For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
39. You have armed me with strength for battle;You have subdued my foes beneath me. For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
40. You have made my enemies retreat before me;I put an end to those who hated me. For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
41. They cried for help, but there was no one to save them—to the LORD, but He did not answer. For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
42. I ground them as dust in the face of the wind;I trampled them like mud in the streets.  For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
43. You have delivered me from the strife of the people;You have made me the head of nations;a people I had not known shall serve me. For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
44. When they hear me, they obey me;foreigners cower before me. For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
45. Foreigners lose heartand come trembling from their strongholds.  For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
46. The LORD lives, and blessed be my Rock!And may the God of my salvation be exalted— For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
47. the God who avenges meand subdues nations beneath me, For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
48. who delivers me from my enemies.You exalt me above my foes;You rescue me from violent men. For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
49. Therefore I will praise You, O LORD, among the nations;I will sing praises to Your name.  For the choirmaster. Of David the servant of the LORD, who sang this song to the LORD on the day the LORD had delivered him from the hand of all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. He said:
50. Great salvation He brings to His king.He shows loving devotion to His anointed,to David and his descendants forever.
